Update UG bugs from PE-D (#319)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F14a-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

   * `addcustomer n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : Adds a customer named `John Doe` to the displayed customer list.

>    * `deletecustomer 3` : Deletes the 3rd customer's contact and order list shown in the displayed customer list and the customer's order list.

Reviewer: order list is not shown is displayed customer list . I also not sure how to fix.
@kaixuan477 help please :(

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * `deletecustomer 3` : Deletes the 3rd customer's contact shown in the displayed customer list and their corresponding order list.
```

   * `addcustomer n/John Doe p/98765432 e/johnd@example.com a/John street, block 123, #01-01` : Adds a customer named `John Doe` to the displayed customer list.

>    * `deletecustomer 3` : Deletes the 3rd customer's contact and order list shown in the displayed customer list and order list.

Reviewer: no we doesn't delete the displayed order list. we delete his list not the displayed.

#### Tips

* A customer can have any number of tags (including 0).

> * In the rare situation where there are two customers with the same name, you can distinguish them by adding an index number behind their names. For example, if there are two `John Smiths`, you could enter them as `John Smith 1` and `John Smith 2`.

Reviewer: Is 'John Smiths' correct ? so 1 John Smith 2 John Smiths? 1 Sutong 2 Sutongs?

Reviewer: maybe if u want do that put the s out side like `John Smith`s

Author: Ok

### Deleting a customer : `deletecustomer`

> Deletes the specified customer contact and order list from the address book.

Reviewer: customer's contact and order list?

Reviewer: But I not sure can @kaixuan477 help please

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deletes the specified customer contact and their corresponding orders from the address book.
```

Command aliases: `deletec`<br>
Format: `deletecustomer CUSTOMER_INDEX`
Examples:

> * `listcustomer` followed by `deletecustomer 2` deletes the 2nd customer contact and order list in the address book.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `listcustomer` followed by `deletecustomer 2` deletes the 2nd customer contact in the address book, along with their corresponding order list.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if editing this line is important since at this point deleting order list should be implied

> * `findcustomer Betsy` followed by `deletec 1` deletes the 1st customer contact and order list in the results of the `find` command.

Reviewer: same as above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `findcustomer Betsy` followed by `deletec 1` deletes the 1st customer contact in the results of the `find` command, along with their corresponding order list.
```

<box type="important">

##### Constraints

> * Deletes the customer and the customer's order list at the specified `CUSTOMER_INDEX`.

Reviewer: his order list?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Deletes the customer at the specified `CUSTOMER_INDEX`.
```
Since this line specifically refers to the target of the `CUSTOMER_INDEX`, not mentioning the order list should be fine.

* Marks a pending order under the selected customer at the specified `ORDER_INDEX` as completed.
* The order index refers to the index number shown in the **displayed order list**.
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

> * The status of the order **must be `Pending`** before marking the order.

Reviewer: i not sure but 'before marking the order' seems out of place.

* Reverts a completed order under the selected customer at the specified `ORDER_INDEX` to pending.
* The order index refers to the index number shown in the **displayed order list**.
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

> * The status of the order **must be `Completed`** before unmarking the order. 

Reviewer: same as above
